Doc: update expose doc for secure group (#54)
kubevela/velad: docs/05.expose-cluster.md

### Single-node Cluster

> > Note: If you are using a VM provided by cloud vendor (such as ECS in AliYun, EC2 in aws) , remember to open 6443 port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you are using a VM provided by cloud vendor (such as ECS in AliYun, EC2 in aws) , remember to expose 6443 port from your security group.
```
